Issue 790 (#981)
nf-core/ampliseq: CHANGELOG.md

### `Added`

> - ([#790](https://github.com/nf-core/ampliseq/issues/790)) - Standardized samplesheet column names to match nf-core conventions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#981](https://github.com/nf-core/ampliseq/pull/981) - Standardized samplesheet column names to match nf-core conventions (legacy samplesheet is still valid)
```
